Settings text updates (#66)
uploadcare/uploadcare-wordpress: README.md

# Uploadcare WordPress File Uploader and Adaptive Delivery

> Uploadcare, all-round media upload, storage, management, and delivery solution, breaks many WordPress Media Library limitations. Upload large files from many sources including social media and cloud services. Insert them to WordPress posts and serve lazy loading responsive images, video or audio embeds with Uploadcare CDN to improve your WordPress site performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uploadcare, all-round media upload, storage, management, and delivery solution, breaks many WordPress Media Library limitations. Upload large files from many sources including social media and cloud services. Insert images to WordPress posts and make them responsive and lazy loaded automatically. Embed video & audio and serve everything with Uploadcare CDN to improve your WordPress site performance.
```

* Upload files of any type (image, video, document, archive) and size (up to 5 TB).
* Upload from your device, URL, social network (Facebook, Instagram, VK, Flickr), and cloud (Dropbox, Google Drive, Google Photos, OneDrive, Box, Huddle, Evernote).

> * Simply embed images, image galleries, photoswipes, video and audio files into your posts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Insert images and galleries to swipe through, embed video & audio files into your posts, and place other files and archives for download.
```

Reviewer: or just: Insert images and galleries, embed...

## Usage

> * When adding an image, video or audio while editing a page or in Media Library, choose one of the Uploadcare options, or add them to Media Library with "Upload with Uploadcare".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When adding an image, video & audio while editing a page, choose "Upload with Uploadcare”. The files will show up in your Media Library, yet they’ll be hosted and delivered with Uploadcare.
```

Reviewer: че-то не понял какие там разные опции загрузки у нас. Вроде бы стандартно Wordpress / Uploadcare. Еще упростил тут, а то из текста ниче не понятно. Зато когда используешь — не возникает вопросов.

Author: 5 разных элементов у нас есть: картинка, галерея, фотосвайп, видео, аудио — 5 разных кнопок в интерфейсе редактирования.

Author: Файл можно добавить в медиа лайбрари с помощью кнопки, которая называется Upload with Uploadcare, или с помощью гутенберговых компонентов, которых пять штук, которые называются Uploadcare image и т.д.
